放射治疗	RADVAN: a randomised phase 2 trial of WBRT plus vandetanib for melanoma brain metastases - results and lessons learnt.
药物治疗	RADVAN: a randomised phase 2 trial of WBRT plus vandetanib for melanoma brain metastases - results and lessons learnt.
药物治疗	Cessation of targeted therapy after a complete response in BRAF-mutant advanced melanoma: a case series.
药物治疗	A combination of tryptophan, Satureja montana, Tribulus terrestris, Phyllanthus emblica extracts is able to improve sexual quality of life in patient with premature ejaculation.
药物治疗	Serenoa repens associated with selenium and lycopene extract and bromelain and methylsulfonylmethane extract are able to improve the efficacy of levofloxacin in chronic bacterial prostatitis patients.
手术治疗	Testicular prosthesis: Patient satisfaction and sexual dysfunctions in testis cancer survivors.
手术治疗	Explorative surgery for acute scrotal pain: The importance of patient age, side affected, time to surgery and surgeon.
手术治疗	Retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS), regular and small sized percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) in daily practice: European Association of Urology Section of Urolithiasis (EULIS) Survey.
手术治疗	Bleeding during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy: Can a hemostatic matrix help to improve hemostasis?
预防控制	Bleeding during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy: Can a hemostatic matrix help to improve hemostasis?
手术治疗	Non sex-related subtotal rupture of the corpus cavernosum without urethral injury: A case report and literature review.
手术治疗	Fournier's gangrene: Clinical case and review of the literature.
手术治疗	Primary pure carcinoid tumour of the testis: A case report and review of the literature.
预防控制	Resources Required for Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low- and Middle-Income Countries.
药物治疗	Effectiveness of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
手术治疗	Developing a Deep Brain Stimulation Neuromodulation Network for Parkinson Disease, Essential Tremor, and Dystonia: Report of a Quality Improvement Project.
药物治疗	The Effect of Prophylactic Lamivudine plus Adefovir Therapy Compared with Lamivudine Alone in Preventing Hepatitis B Reactivation in Lymphoma Patients with High Baseline HBV DNA during Chemotherapy.
药物治疗	Poor Linkage to Care Despite Significant Improvement in Access to Early cART in Central Poland - Data from Test and Keep in Care (TAK) Project.
药物治疗	Partner Disclosure and Early CD4 Response among HIV-Infected Adults Initiating Antiretroviral Treatment in Nairobi Kenya.
药物治疗	JAK3 as an Emerging Target for Topical Treatment of Inflammatory Skin Diseases.
药物治疗	A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing the Effects of Sitagliptin and Glimepiride on Endothelial Function and Metabolic Parameters: Sapporo Athero-Incretin Study 1 (SAIS1).
药物治疗	Cost-Effectiveness of Hepatitis C Treatment for People Who Inject Drugs and the Impact of the Type of Epidemic; Extrapolating from Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
药物治疗	DNA/MVA Vaccination of HIV-1 Infected Participants with Viral Suppression on Antiretroviral Therapy, followed by Treatment Interruption: Elicitation of Immune Responses without Control of Re-Emergent Virus.
药物治疗	Predicting the Response to Intravenous Immunoglobulins in an Animal Model of Chronic Neuritis.
手术治疗	Full-Thickness Scalp Defects Reconstructed With Outer Table Calvarial Decortication and Surface Grafting.
手术治疗	Palatal Motion After Primary and Secondary Furlow Palatoplasty.
药物治疗	Second Malignant Neoplasms and Cause of Death in Patients With Germ Cell Cancer: A Danish Nationwide Cohort Study.
药物治疗	Anti-Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Comparative Effectiveness Trial for Diabetic Macular Edema: Additional Efficacy Post Hoc Analyses of a Randomized Clinical Trial.
手术治疗	Yield Strength Testing in Human Cadaver Nasal Septal Cartilage and L-Strut Constructs.
康复复原	Relevant areas of functioning in patients with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis on the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health: The patients' perspective.
药物治疗	Evaluation of Changes in Anxiety and Depression Symptoms, and Sexual Functions in Patients Receiving Antidepressants: 3 Months-Long Naturalistic Follow-Up Study.
药物治疗	IL-4, TGF-, NF-B and MPO levels in Patients with Treatment Resistant Schizophrenia.
药物治疗	Reversible Valproic Acid-Induced Parkinsonism and Cognitive Impairment in an Elderly Patient With Bipolar Disorder I.
药物治疗	[Biosimilars in inflammatory bowel disease].
药物治疗	[Opportunities and challenges of extrapolation for biosimilars].
手术治疗	Highly Porous Metaphyseal Cones in Revision Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Case Series.
手术治疗	[Periprosthetic Acetabulum Fractures].
放射治疗	Evaluation of Ovarian Reserve with AMH Level in Patients with Well-Differentiated Thyroid Cancer Receiving Radioactive Iodine Ablation Treatment.
药物治疗	Novel Approaches for the Treatment of Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
手术治疗	Operative Techniques and Preliminary Outcomes Following Percutaneous Endoscopic Thoracolumbar Pediculectomy in Dogs.
手术治疗	Augmented Repair of an Achilles Tendon Rupture Using the Flexor Digitorum Lateralis Tendon in a Toy Poodle.
药物治疗	Pharmacological interventions other than botulinum toxin for spasticity after stroke.
药物治疗	Randomized study of FOLFIRI plus either panitumumab or bevacizumab for wild-type KRAS colorectal cancer-WJOG 6210G.
手术治疗	Post-transplant blood transfusions and pediatric renal allograft outcomes.
手术治疗	De novo autoimmune hepatitis after liver transplantation: A focus on glutathione S-transferase theta 1.
预防控制	Effectiveness of Pressure Ulcer Prevention Strategies for Adult Patients in Intensive Care Units: A Systematic Review.
药物治疗	Efficacy of topical flutamide in the treatment of melasma.
药物治疗	Addressing taxane resistance in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer: a focus on chaperone proteins.
药物治疗	Palonosetron and hydroxyzine pre-treatment reduces the objective signs of experimentally-induced acute opioid withdrawal in humans: a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled crossover study.
预防控制	Zika virus epidemic: an update.
药物治疗	An update on the management of urinary tract infections in the era of antimicrobial resistance.
预防控制	Knowledge attitude and practice toward pertussis vaccination during pregnancy among pregnant and postpartum Italian women.
药物治疗	Liposomal Drug Delivery System for Cancer Therapy: Advancement and Patents.
药物治疗	Editorial (Thematic Issue: Nanoparticles for Brain and Tumor Targeting Delivery).
药物治疗	Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors and Serotonin and Noradrenaline Reuptake Inhibitors Improve Cognitive Function in Partial Responders Depressed Patients: Results from a Prospective Observational Cohort Study.
药物治疗	Anexelekto (AXL) Increases Resistance to EGFR-TKI and Activation of AKT and ERK1/2 in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Cells.
药物治疗	Ritonavir Interacts With Belinostat to Cause Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Histone Acetylation in Renal Cancer Cells.
预防控制	Viewing Prevention of Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infection as a System: Using Systems Engineering and Human Factors Engineering in a Quality Improvement Project in an Academic Medical Center.
预防控制	Using Human Factors Design Principles and Industrial Engineering Methods to Improve Accuracy and Speed of Drug Selection with Medication Trays.
预防控制	Molecular Basis of Coronavirus Virulence and Vaccine Development.
饮食疗法	Diet Quality and Mortality Risk in Metabolically Obese Normal-Weight Adults.
预防控制	Antithrombotic Approaches in Acute Coronary Syndromes: Optimizing Benefit vs Bleeding Risks.
药物治疗	Antithrombotic Approaches in Acute Coronary Syndromes: Optimizing Benefit vs Bleeding Risks.
手术治疗	Impact of Lipoprotein(a) on Long-term Outcomes in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Who Underwent Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
手术治疗	Intraoperative adverse events during irreversible electroporation-a call for caution.
预防控制	Measuring High-Risk Patients' Preferences for Pharmacogenetic Testing to Reduce Severe Adverse Drug Reaction: A Discrete Choice Experiment.
药物治疗	First and Foremost Battle the Virus: Eliciting Patient Preferences in Antiviral Therapy for Hepatitis C Using a Discrete Choice Experiment.
预防控制	Cost-Effectiveness of Rotavirus Vaccination in France-Accounting for Indirect Protection.
预防控制	Prevention of Radial Artery Occlusion After Transradial Catheterization: The PROPHET-II Randomized Trial.
手术治疗	Transcatheter Mitral Annuloplasty in Chronic Functional Mitral Regurgitation: 6-Month Results With the Cardioband Percutaneous Mitral Repair System.
预防控制	Sodium Intake and All-Cause Mortality Over 20 Years in the Trials of Hypertension Prevention.
手术治疗	Percutaneous Intervention for Concurrent Chronic Total Occlusions in Patients With STEMI: The EXPLORE Trial.
手术治疗	Late Outcomes of Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in High-Risk Patients: The FRANCE-2 Registry.
手术治疗	Cleft Lip Repair, Nasoalveolar Molding, and Primary Cleft Rhinoplasty.
手术治疗	Cleft Palate Repair, Gingivoperiosteoplasty, and Alveolar Bone Grafting.
手术治疗	Velopharyngeal Dysfunction Evaluation and Treatment.
手术治疗	Intermediate and Definitive Cleft Rhinoplasty.
手术治疗	Craniofacial Microsomia.
手术治疗	Facial Nerve Rehabilitation.
手术治疗	Microtia Reconstruction.
手术治疗	The Evolution of Complex Microsurgical Midface Reconstruction: A Classification Scheme and Reconstructive Algorithm.
手术治疗	Craniofacial Surgery for the Facial Plastic Surgeon.
手术治疗	[The use of the G8 score for the patient of more than 75years old in digestive surgery for cancer].
药物治疗	[Anti-PLD1 and anti-PD1 in advanced urothelial cancers: promises from early phase trials].
预防控制	Renin-Angiotensin System Blockade and Long-term Clinical Outcomes in Kidney Transplant Recipients: A Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
手术治疗	Patient selection does not improve the success rate of infected TKA one stage exchange.
手术治疗	Knee joint position sense ability in elite athletes who have returned to international level play following ACL reconstruction: A cross-sectional study.
预防控制	Removable air-cathode to overcome cathode biofouling in microbial fuel cells.
手术治疗	Verification of the oncologic inferiority of percutaneous biliary drainage to endoscopic drainage: A propensity score matching analysis of resectable perihilar cholangiocarcinoma.
手术治疗	Impact of different sarcopenia stages on the postoperative outcomes after radical gastrectomy for gastric cancer.
手术治疗	Variability in postoperative resource utilization after pancreaticoduodenectomy: Who is responsible.
药物治疗	Allicin ameliorates intraintestinal bacterial translocation after trauma/hemorrhagic shock in rats: The role of mesenteric lymph node dendritic cell.
手术治疗	Safety and feasibility of phlebotomy with controlled hypovolemia to minimize blood loss in liver resections.
预防控制	Safety and feasibility of phlebotomy with controlled hypovolemia to minimize blood loss in liver resections.
手术治疗	Primary hyperparathyroidism with normal baseline intraoperative parathyroid hormone: A challenging population.
手术治疗	Resectability and tumor response after preoperative chemotherapy in hepatoblastoma treated by the Japanese Study Group for Pediatric Liver Tumor (JPLT)-2 protocol.
药物治疗	Resectability and tumor response after preoperative chemotherapy in hepatoblastoma treated by the Japanese Study Group for Pediatric Liver Tumor (JPLT)-2 protocol.
手术治疗	Acute gastrointestinal compromise in neonates with congenital diaphragmatic hernia prior to repair.
手术治疗	Usefulness of posterior sagittal anorectoplasty for redo pull-through in complicated and recurrent Hirschsprung disease: Experience with a single surgical group.
手术治疗	Inspissated bile syndrome; Safe and effective minimally invasive treatment with percutaneous cholecystostomy in neonates and infants.